# INFT3050-Project

## Group: The French Invasion

## Instructions
You must prepare your final Web-application for Entertainment Guild. This should be treated as a solution that you will deploy for this company. As such, it should incorporate the techniques/technologies defined in the course outline and be achievable in the time frame of this course.
Your solution should include:
- A working web-app that is able to connect and successfully retrieve current information from the Entertainment Guild’s database.
- A working set of web-based pages that
    - Meet the specifications outlined in the Assignment Package
    - Have a clean, clear, and intuitive user interface.
- Your solution should have the appropriate level of validation requirements e.g., text input validations.
- Your solution should also be able to handle the requirements of the 3 user types with the appropriate level of access and security:
    - Customers
    - Employees
    - Admins
- Include any documentation required e.g., updated wireframes, use cases or references.

It should **NOT** include:
- Any materials submitted for assessment for another course.
- Any materials prepared by another person/team. All materials presented must be your own work.
- Any materials generated by AI-powered software or bots.
- Any material not written in English.

## Deliverables
This assignment has two components, all members of a team must be present and participate in the demo. Only one person needs to submit the code to Canvas, please ensure you list all members of your group in your submission. See Marking Rubrics on Canvas.
To submit:
- Report
- Peer Review Scores (if working with others)
- Code Files (Canvas .zip or .rar file)
- In-lab demo
- Individual Evidence Report

## Can I use external code?
In some cases, yes you are permitted to use external code. However, any code used must comply with the following requirements:
1. It must be referenced in your Report and Code
2. It must NOT be more than 10% of your overall Code
3. It must NOT come from ChatGPT or similar software.

See below for more information.

***Lecture/Lab Material***
If you use code from another source, other than the lecture and lab materials, you must clearly. indicate which parts you have written, and which are from another source. This is done by adding a comment before and after the block of sourced code indicating the where the code was sourced from, the code's author and a reason for using the code in your project.

***ChatGPT***
Code generated from ChatGPT is NOT permitted in this assignment. NO part of this assessment item should be generated from ChatGPT or other AI-Based software/s.

***Online Code from Stack overflow etc.***
This code is permitted but it must be referenced and cannot be more than 10% of your build. Code that does not conform to this style may be assumed to be the work of someone else.
If you use code from another source without clearly referencing it or if you use ChatGTP or similar systems, you will be investigated for academic misconduct.